[Activity] Patch policies: Install new version when app is closed (#49106)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/reference/audit-logs.md

- "command_uuid": ID of the in-house app installation.
- "from_setup_experience": Whether the installation was triggered as part of the setup experience.
- "failure_reason": Reason the installation failed before reaching the device (e.g. an unresolvable Fleet variable in the managed app configuration). Only present when "status" is "failed_install" and Fleet failed the install pre-flight; omitted otherwise.

> - "install_skipped_when_app_open": Whether the install was skipped because the app was open, per a patch policy's `only_when_closed` condition. Only present when "status" is "failed_install" and the install was skipped for this reason; omitted otherwise. Skipped attempts don't count against the software install retry limit.

Author: ```suggestion
- "install_skipped_when_app_open": Whether the install was skipped because the app was open. This is `true` when the Fleet-maintained app is installed by the patch policy's automation, when `patch_only_when_closed` is set. Only present when "status" is "failed_install" and the install was skipped for this reason, omitted otherwise.
```

> - "install_skipped_when_app_open": Whether the install was skipped because the app was open. This is `true` when the Fleet-maintained app is installed by the patch policy's automation, when `patch_only_when_closed` is set. Only present when "status" is "failed_install" and the install was skipped for this reason, omitted otherwise.

Reviewer: @marko-lisica since there's only one reason for skipping install right now, how about for simplicity we just call this `skipped_install`?

(And in the future, if we add other ways to skip install, we can handle this by adding an additional key: `skipped_install_reason`.)
```suggestion
- "skipped_install": Whether the install was skipped because the app was open. This is `true` when the Fleet-maintained app is installed by the patch policy's automation, when `patch_only_when_closed` is set. Only present when "status" is "failed_install" and the install was skipped for this reason, omitted otherwise.
```

Author: @rachaelshaw makes sense to me. I think we will need that reason later so we can show the appropriate copy in the UI.
